In the centre of a large expanse of rock howling winds bellow out from an open trap door.
An Orange Man (AC 14, MV 160', HD 4, Chaotic) dressed in furs hunts a band of mutant men. He is armed with a whip and accompanied by 2-12 giant beasts and dinosaurs; these creatures are under his complete control.
Spawn of Shub-Niggurath (AC 18, MV 120, HD 3, Chaotic): a blue arachnoid with two red eyes and a toothed mouth. It currently entangled in a grappling hook and 100' of rope. An orange laser pistol can be found in its belly.
1 Deep One.
Village of 278 Yellow Men ruled by "the Evil Queen," a Chaotic 9-th Level Sorcerer.
A humanoid robot (AC 16, MV 90', HD 4, Chaotic) guards the remains of a crashed alien spaceship. He is armed with a sword and a laser pistol. His 3 large eyes rotate about his head. He can not be surprised and will react with hostility to all who approach.
A Blue Man Cyborg with a metal jaw and a robotic hook arm (AC 18, MV 90', HD 4, Chaotic) commands a group of 6-36 Blue Men bandits armed with bone weapons. The bandits demand the players hand over any metal items in their possession, which their leader will proceed to eat. The Cyborg earns +1 to hit for each piece of metal he consumes; this effect lasts one day. (When encountered he has a 0-3 bonus to hit.) His hunger for metal can not be satiated.
A hulking Blue Man (AC 15, MV 120', HD 6, Chaotic) with unusual red hair wields a cursed two handed sword. (This character wields the sword one handed, carrying a shield in the other.) Any character possessing the sword is compelled to eradicate all white men from the world; with each white man they kill their hair turns a darker shade of red. The sword is -1 to hit, but +3 to hit vs. White Men.
Monastery of 56 Brown Men ruled by "the Golden Hand," a Chaotic 5-th Level Fighter.
Village of 156 Green Men ruled by "the Dragon," a 4th-level Sorcerer. The Sorcerer's research has left him disfigured: he has the scales and tail of a lizard, and is cold blooded.
Spawn of Shub-Niggurath (AC 18, MV 90' / 120' [swimming], HD 3, Neutral [intelligent]): an orange anthropoid with scaly skin, two yellow eyes, and a toothed mouth. One of its arms is an oversized claw. In its other hand it carries a green mace.
A large bird of prey stalks the players. After 1-3 hours it will turn and fly off into the distance. The bird does not attempt to hide its presence.
A disfigured two-headed mutant man lays face down in the ground. His body is half purple & half blue. Characters who investigate the body must make a Save vs. Death Ray each turn or suffer a random mutation.
A Purple Man hangs limp from a tree. He is pierced head to toe by spikes. Two tridents lay near his lifeless body.
12 Black Men led by putrid smelling Sorcerer (AC 18, MV 120', HD 3, Chaotic) are in the middle of casting Manifestation of the Putrescent Stench. The Sorcerer is armed with a laser pistol and wears a bright orange alien space suit.
4 Snake Men attempt to repair a time machine. The Snake Men and their collection of high-tech gadgetry are incomprehensible to characters with an intelligence score less than 18.
A massive snake shaped citadel coils around the peaks of a craggy mountain. Within 22 Bone Man are led by a Chaotic 16th-level Sorcerer. He is planning the total conquest of Carcosa.
4 {colour} Men camp along a dirt road. They are under the control of a mummy brain, which they are transporting to {hex}.
17 irrational space aliens herd a group of 15 {colour} Men into a small metal bunker.
Burnt out husk of a large {colour} tyrannosaurus rex.
Two {colour} men lay dead on the ground. One is holding a gamma radiation riffle with 10 charges left. There is a 1 in 6 chance the rifle will also irradiate the shooter when discharged.
An abandoned space alien outpost is now home to a group of 23 {colour} bandits. Amongst their possessions is a map of the first level of a space alien research base in hex {hex}.
The mutilated bodies of two Ulfire children lay next to the dead body of a {colour} Sorcerer. On the Sorcerer's person is a book outlining how to cast   The Accursed Sounding of the Void.
Hidden underground lair of 43 {colour} zealots led by a Lawful 5th-level Sorcerer.
The bodies of countless {colour} Men spill out of a door set into the side of a mountain and completely fill the 10' wide shaft leading into the underground. Obscured by the bodies are ancient Snake Men runes describing 2-8 random sorcerous rituals.
A group of 6 disease ridden {colour} cannibals feast on the remains of some Bone Men.
Trails of small insects converge on the rocky husk of a massive dead insect. Within an inter-dimensional traveler to Carcosa lays shackled to the ground. Insects crawl in and out of his body. A sorcerer and his minions are in the middle of casting the ritual <em>Canticle of the Crawling God</em>. They will summon the Crawling God in 1-3 hours.
A party of 2-8 inter-dimensional travelers search for their lost companion. They are armed with turn of the century firearms: pistols & shotguns. They are cautious around and distrustful of any natives of Carcosa they encounter. They will however aid anyone who agrees to help them find their friend.
A Bone Man (AC 3, MV 60', HD 1+1, Lawful) and a Jale Women (AC 9, MV 120', HD 1+1, Neutral) explore the badlands in search of alien technology for their war tribe.
3-18 red orbs can be seen floating in the distance.
2 Unquiet Worms make their home in the shade of a disabled alien tank. Within the tank, two dead aliens lay mummified in their spacesuits. Sufficiently intelligent creatures can restore the tank to working order after 2-6 turns of experimentation.
A T-Rex corpse, skin mottled red and orange, is being feasted upon by fist-sized maggots. The top of its skull has been removed with surgical precision, and its brain is missing. 
Bipedal humanoid robot (AC 18, MV 120', HD 8) carrying a spear, with a single spotlight eye in the center of a cylindrical head. It is dragging a dead velociraptor behind it. It has learned how to hunt by spying on humans, but doesn't understand what to do with the dead animals: it just drags them back to its cave.
Cuddly fluff balls (2-12, 1 HP each, AC 7). Bright red, hovering, bobbing up and down gently. When observed for a turn there is a 3 in 6 chance of seeing the fluff ball lazily open one or both of its eyes. If petted, a fluff ball will orbit the character. Orbiting fluff balls will give characters a Save vs. Wands to avoid a normal missile (something like an arrow or bullet) that would otherwise hit. A success means that the Cuddly Fluff Ball intercepts the missile and is destroyed.
Poison dirigible fruit (2-12, 1 HP each, AC 7). Bright red, hovering, bobbing up and down gently. When touched in any way they explode in a burst of poison glop: all within melee range must make a Save vs. Death Ray or perish. A poison dirigible fruit tree will grow in the corpse of any characters so slain, and will produce 2d6 dirigible fruit in 1d6 days. 
Mummy with lower half of body buried (HD 5, AC 5, eyes shoot 2 lasers, Save vs. Death Ray or take 5 dice of damage). It wears an emerald medallion (2000 GP). Quiescent unless the emerald medallion is disturbed. Two dead orange men lay nearby, one with a scorched hole blown in his head, the other with a scorched hole blown in his chest. 1-6 primitively armed Orange Men huddle at a safe distance discussing how to relieve the mummy of the medallion. They are not interested in treasure other than gems and technology, but will serve if offered such incentives.
A floating circular platform of Space Alien technology hovers 15' above the ground. 1 in 6 chance to figure out how to operate (intelligence modifier applies, only one attempt per character). Can be moved at a rate of 10' per turn. 3 Bone Men with spears have built a hut on top, and "desert fishing lines" hang from the platform. The Bone Men are extremely xenophobic (reaction roll penalty of 2). One of the Bone Men has 2 sleep gas grenades (as sleep spell but a save versus paralysis applies, 30' blast radius).
Strange ritual space made up of crucified {colour} Man, small clay jars of water and dried herbs.
Field of cactus, 2-8 x 100 ft wide/deep. Passing through requires Save vs. Paralysis to avoid 1-4 damage. Cactus are: 1-5 Benign and full of water; 6- Exceptionally refreshing (Heal 1D4 HP when fresh); 7- Hallucinogenic 2-200 Turns of raving madness; 8- Deadly Poison (Save vs. Poison).
A young {colour} Man child weeps alone. He has no possessions save his clothes, and is hungry.
A War-Machine, ancient and blasted; once a terror, now a collection of rust.
A large space alien bomb stands upright in the plains, weathered to the point where it is merely the suggestion of a bomb: 1-6, inert; 7-9, still live, disturb it and it will explode (Save vs. Death if within 30' - save equals 2D10 damage, failure is death); 10, actually a space capsule - contains ancient body in space alien battle armor.
Ancient runes are carved into earth, filled with red clay.
Small inexplicable pond, filled with brightly colored fish. The fish are easily caught and if eaten will grant a temporary +4 HP for the day. The pond and fish will be gone upon return, and attempts to preserve the fish will result in unpleasant smelling mess.
Circle of Standing Stones.
A Green Man cyborg (AC 18, MV 60', HD 6, Lawful) leads a battalion of 3-12 soldiers armed with an assortment of Alien weaponry. The cyborg will repair any Alien technology Lawful PCs may possess, and will attack any PCs who make their allegiance to the forces of Chaos known. He is searching for his adopted daughter.
Citadel of 98 Red Men led by "The Ram", a Lawful 4th-level Fighter. "The Ram" is a behemoth of a man, never seen without his indestructible helmet.
Spawn of Shub-Niggurath (AC 14, MV 120, HD 6, Multiple Alignments \[intelligent\]): An Orange humanoid with a smooth hide and 3 heads. One head is humanoid (and Lawful), one head is robotic (and Neutral) and the last head is bestial (and Chaotic). When first encountered, or whenever the creature is under stress, roll a d6 to see which head is currently in control of the beast: 1-2 - the humanoid; 3-4 - the robot; 5-6 the monster.
A Jale Man Sorcerer (AC 16, MV 120', HD 8, Neutral) wearing a Red breast plate sits on a giant Cthulhu shaped throne, alone at the lowest levels of the Cavern of the Time Lords. He may share his knowledge of Carcosa with those who seek him out.
Spawn of Shub-Niggurath (AC 14, MV 120' / 160' \[Flying\], HD 6, Neutral \[intelligent\]): A Brown avioid with a feathered hide and a toothed mouth. There is a 4 in 6 chance that when encountered the beast will be in flight.
A squat Purple Man Sorcerer (AC 12, MV 90' / 120' \[Flying\], HD 2, Lawful) in flowing robes and an over sized hat is in the process of botching the ritual _The Glyphs of the Ebon Lake_.
1 Sabertooth Tiger (intelligent).
A Blue Man (AC 16, MV 120', HD 2, Lawful) with a cybernetic augmentation that allows him to extend his head several meters above his body is surveying the wilderness. He is armed with a bright yellow mace and can not be surprised.
A damaged Alien vehicle, with 4 tank treads instead of wheels. Characters with an intelligence of 16 or more may attempt to repair the machine, with a cumulative chance of 10% per week of succeeding. (i.e after ten weeks the tank will be repaired.) It is large enough to comfortably transport 12 men. 
Village of 366 Brown Men ruled by "the Silver Fist," a Lawful 6th-level Fighter. The Silver Fist rides into battle on cybernetic horses and wields a mysterious purple sword.
A foreboding grey castle sits empty save for its custodian, an Orange Woman 18th-level Sorcerer. The castle is circumscribed by a bottomless chasm. A single bridge leads to its imposing doors shaped in the visage of a skull. The sorcerer will not leave the castle, and is immortal and invulnerable while within its walls. She will aid all those who actively seek to defend Carcosa from the forces of Chaos.
What appears to be a simple rock is in fact The Starseed, a source of unlimited power. At any given time there are at least 1-6 high level sorcerers actively searching for the artifact.
A White Woman (AC 14, MV 120', HD 4, Lawful) is locked in battle with a Deep One. She fights with a large wooden staff and is searching for her mother.
1 Orange Mastodon. The beast may shoot acid from its trunk 3 times a day.
A beautiful young woman, an astronaut from Earth, lays wounded in a recently crashed spacecraft. The ship is damaged beyond repair.
Village of 130 Dolm Men ruled by "The Master of the Universe," a 1st Level Fighter. He wields a magic sword in battle: on command the sword grants +20 HD, and the saving throws of a 20th level Fighter. Only those chosen by the powers of the Grey Castle may hold aloft the magic sword.